---
title: LMS365 Guide
description: Sample guide for LMS365.
---

# LinkedIn Learning and LMS365 Deep Integration Guide

## What this Document Tells You

The following steps outline the LMS365 and LinkedIn Learning integration process:

:::image type="content" source="media/LMS365/learning-integration-flow.png" alt-text="LMS365 process flow diagram":::

## LMS365 Deep Integration Functionality

**Authentication**: SSO (Azure AD)

**Content Discovery**: Automated Catalog Sync (All languages)

**Reporting**: xAPI, AICC

**Requirements**:

The **LinkedIn Learning and LMS365 integration** involves the following requirements:

- An active Professional or Select LMS365 subscription

- An active LinkedIn Learning account

- Admin access to LinkedIn Learning

- Admin privileges to your LMS365 instance

## Integration Overview

### Single Sign-On (SSO)

During the initial configuration, you can configure LinkedIn Learning and LMS365 to establish a secure SAML single sign-on (SSO) connection to ensure seamless access to content. SSO authentication reduces friction for users and administrators by eliminating the need for manual user registration. SSO ensures learners spend more of their time watching content and less of their time trying to remember usernames and passwords

SSO authentication reduces friction for users and administrators by eliminating the
need for manual user registration. **SSO ensures learners spend more of their time watching content and less of their time trying to remember usernames and passwords**.

### Automated Content Catalog Sync

The LinkedIn Learning library contains over 20,000 courses, with 20-30 courses
added per week at no extra cost. LMS365 automates this process using the
LinkedIn Learning content APIs, so LMS admins do not have to manually upload new
content packages at regular intervals. After the initial setup, LMS365 will
dynamically refresh the content library on an automated basis. This ensures
new LinkedIn Learning content is available to learners within 24 hours of
release. All content titles and  descriptions are aggregated and indexed to
accommodate keyword searches and support efficient discoverability. LMS365 supports automatic syncing of **All languages** content libraries.

### Reporting

LMS365 supports both AICC and xAPI reporting. You can optionally configure xAPI to allow LinkedIn Learning to communicate course completions back to LMS365, regardless of how and where the training content is launched. Learners can launch content from within LMS365 or they can view courses directly in LinkedIn Learning.

To configure xAPI reporting for the LinkedIn Learning integration with LMS365 in your tenant, first you'll need to complete some configuration steps in your Azure admin portal, then you'll need to enable xAPI in your LinkedIn Learning admin portal.

## Configuration – Authentication

We recommend SAML SSO for all enterprise learning platform integrations. You can
configure SSO authentication in your **LinkedIn Learning Admin settings**. Most
organizations have a centrally-managed identity management solution like Azure
AD, Okta, or ADFS, which can be configured to authenticate users into enterprise
applications like LinkedIn Learning.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> LMS365 only supports Azure AD Single Sign-On (SSO). For xAPI reporting with LMS365, SSO must be configured to send **User ID - objectidentifier** for users otherwise completions will not send back successfully.

To configure Azure SAML SSO review the [LinkedIn Learning Azure AD SSO Implementation Guide](../../sso-auth/sso-docs/sso-azure-ad.md)

### Provision API Keys for Content Catalog Sync

For LMS365 to sync LinkedIn Learning catalog metadata, you first must provision API keys in the LinkedIn Learning admin settings.

1. After you log in, if you are not already in the **Admin** screen, select **Go to Admin**, then click **Me > Integrate**.

    :::image type="content" source="media/LMS365/learning-integrate.png" alt-text="Integrate drop-down menu":::

2. From the side navigation menu, select **Access content and reports via API**.

3. Click **Add application**.

   :::image type="content" source="media/LMS365/learning-add-app.png" alt-text="Add new API application":::

4. In the **Add LinkedIn Learning API application** screen, provide the name of your learning platform (e.g., "LMS365 Content Sync"), as the application name.

5. Provide a short description of the integration use case in the application description field. For example, "LMS365 content catalog sync".

6. Under **Choose keys**, there are two checkboxes – **Content** and **Report**. Select **Content**.

   :::image type="content" source="media/lms365/learning-content-key-add.png" alt-text="Content Catalog Sync":::

7. Click **Next** and accept the "Terms and Conditions".

8. Copy the generated **Client Id** and **Client Secret**. Use these values later in the "Steps Performed in LMS365" section below.

    :::image type="content" source="media/LMS365/learning-api-credentials.png" alt-text="Copy Client ID and Client Secret":::

## Configuration – Steps Performed in LMS365

To configure the LinkedIn Learning Provider in LMS365, take the following steps:

[https://helpcenter.elearningforce.com/hc/en-us/articles/11701195542941](https://helpcenter.elearningforce.com/hc/en-us/articles/11701195542941)

In LMS365, on the LinkedIn Learning panel, enter the Application key and the Secret key using the information from the **Client Id** and **Client secret** fields respectively in the LinkedIn Learning admin interface. Select **Connect**

:::image type="content" source="media/lms365/lms365-connector.png" alt-text="LMS365 Connector":::

:::image type="content" source="media/lms365/lms365-connect.png" alt-text="LMS365 Connect to enable":::

You can now import and manage LinkedIn Learning courses in LMS365

To configure xAPI reporting for the LinkedIn Learning integration with LMS365 in your tenant, you will first need to perform configuration in your Azure admin portal: [https://helpcenter.elearningforce.com/hc/en-us/articles/12484668151453](https://helpcenter.elearningforce.com/hc/en-us/articles/12484668151453), followed by enabling xAPI in your LinkedIn Learning Admin portal

### Enable xAPI Learner Activity Tracking in LinkedIn Learning

Using the information you acquired in LMS365, follow the instructions below to configure LinkedIn Learning:

1. After you log in, if you are not already in the **Admin** screen, select **Go to Admin**, then click **Me > Integrate**.

    :::image type="content" source="media/LMS365/learning-integrate.png" alt-text="Integrate menu selection":::

2. From the side navigation menu, select **Configure reporting integrations**.

3. Expand the **Configure xAPI** section.

4. Click **Add integration**.

    :::image type="content" source="media/LMS365/learning-xapi-add-app.png" alt-text="Add xAPI integration":::

5. In the **Integration name** field, enter "LMS365 Reporting".

6. In the **User Type** drop down, select **ID**.

7. Copy and paste the **Auth URL**, **Tracking URL**, **Client ID** and **Client Secret** provided by LMS365 into LinkedIn Learning.

8. Click **Enable**.

    :::image type="content" source="media/LMS365/learning-xapi-credentials.png" alt-text="Enable xAPI integration":::

    You have enabled the LMS365 xAPI connection in LinkedIn Learning.

**Congratulations! Your learners now can access LinkedIn Learning content via their LMS365 instance**.
